#foodinfo
in technical terms,
Identification of additives and preservatives in packaged foods using python and image processing, Food is an essential element for all living organisms. Processed foods have a very limited life, in order to preserve them for a longer time and to have good flavor, texture, and taste, food additives and preservatives are used. This study is taken to investigate the effects of food additives and preservatives on human health and did research on different Optical Character Recognition (OCR) algorithms. In this project, we propose an OCR-based algorithm to identify food additives and preservatives in packaged foods by analyzing the contents of the package and finding their effect on human health. Here, the image of the contents of the package is applied to Image enhancement techniques such as to increase the accuracy of the OCR. The Google Cloud Vision API detects text from enhanced images based on CNN with high accuracy. The extracted text is filtered to remove undesirable words using RegEx. The filtered keywords are used to search in the predefined dataset where data is taken from the Standard Food Safety Organizations such as FDA and FSSAI. By using Google Cloud Vision API, we can extract text with an accuracy of 99.1%.

in general the project is,

We are buying biscuit packets, lays, etc na in that back side we have contents of ingredients that are in those material, in my project with the help of opencv and Google cloud api I was developed a code that take image as a input and scans the ingredients and show which ingredient is useful for which cause and any other side effects for that ingredient. 
so in additional to that I want to make a website that can directly scan image and also we will give upload image option too, so which can scan the image and with the help of our code we directly get the information, regarding upload the image to it!
